Updated pricing page with more precise logic for scaling/maintenance and double-charging and fallback scenarios (#6286)
ClickHouse/clickhouse-docs: docs/cloud/managed-postgres/pricing.md

- Network egress pricing will be introduced after GA. Applications colocated with the database are expected to incur minimal egress costs.
- Additional backup charges may apply at GA for retention periods beyond a limit that is still being defined.
- We expect Native CDC via ClickPipes to remain free or minimally priced at GA when Postgres and ClickHouse are colocated in the same region, aligning with the vision of a unified OLTP + OLAP platform.
- Scaling and maintenance operations briefly run new instances in parallel with the old ones to keep your database online — you may see overlapping charges for both old and new instances while the transition completes. The duration of this window varies based on instance type and storage volume.

> - Service may fallback to a comparable instance type from an older generation to maintain the selected high-availability configuration, if the selected instance type capacity is temporarily restricted in some of the availability zones. You will be billed at the target instance type rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The service may fall back to a comparable instance type from an older generation to maintain the selected high-availability configuration, if the selected instance type capacity is temporarily restricted in some of the availability zones. You will be billed at the target instance type rate.
```
